Answer the question based on the context below. If the question can not be answered with the information provided, say 'I'm sorry, I couldn't find any information related to your query. It's possible that the information you are looking for is not in my database. Can you please try asking another question or provide me with more context about your query?'"

below contents are in the form of question and answer on next line, so response the relevant content accordingly

Will I recieve any sales calls Or Will my number be solicited?  
We have a strict 0 (ZERO) sales policy at 1 Finance. You will never recieve any sales calls from 1 Finance or its associates.

What are the charges?  
Currently there are no charges.
However, our premium services will be available at a minimal subscription charge when launched.

what is 1 finance all about?
1 Finance is a reimagined financial institution that places the user at its core by offering qualified, unbiased and customised advice for planning personal finances and achieving financial well-being.

Who are your merchant bankers
We do not have merchant bankers, we are backed by Marquee investors Marwadi Chandarana Group.

Who is Marwadi Chandra Group?
Marwadi Chandarana Group, established in the year 1995 and marking its prominence in the education sector with Marwadi University, as one of the youngest and fastest-growing universities in the western region of India; in the financial sector through retail financial services by Marwadi Financial Services; and provides professional, algorithmic, and automated pre-programmed based trading with Marwadi Chandarana Intermediaries Brokers Private Limited (MCIBPL).


How do I sign up for 1Finance? 
You can sign up for 1Finance by downloading our app from the App Store or Google Play Store and following the registration process. You will need to provide some basic information about yourself, such as your name, address, and phone number.

What does 1 Finance do? 
We offer financial advice that takes into account an individual's financial status and life goals, and complements their inherent behavioural traits and psychological disposition. To get deeper insight into how your mind works when it come to money, discover your MoneySign™.

what is 1 finance?
1 Finance is a financial institution, which helps you understand your psychological behaviour towards Finance. Depending on which Financial plan is created and executed by our Advisory to a privilege like you.

What do we do?
1 Finance is an Ecosystem that combines Technology with Human Expertise Moreover, most of the advisors recommend you just towards the investments aspect, however, at 1 Finance it is not just restricted to investments we also take your Liabilities, Insurance, etc to offer you a complete financial plan.

What is financial well-being? 
Financial well-being is a state of mind that is achieved when the core and committed financial milestones of an individual are covered by the existing asset allocation and the cash inflow (from passive income source and partial selling of assets) is more than the cash outflow (from household & lifestyle expenses, liability EMIs and taxes) for the individual and his/her dependents till their mortality and/or dependents becoming financially independent.

What is Financial Concierge? 
Financial Concierge is a dedicated team of qualified financial Concierge specialist, who shall assist you in the seamless execution of your financial plan.

When will you share your recommendations? 
At 1 Finance, we strictly do not share any general recommendations, since advisory is hyperpersonalised. We advise only through Qualified Financial Advisors (QFAs), which can be done once the member is registered under 1 Finance.

Please advise me where to invest my money? 
At 1 Finance, we are committed to providing hyper-personalised financial advisory. As per our 3-step approach (We understand you, we advise you, we journey together), we are not authorised to offer any advisory solutions without considering your financial, demographic and behavioural information.
For further guidance you can:
1. Speak to our team of Financial Concierge specialists.
2. Opt for advisory solutions from our Qualified Financial Advisors.

What do you mean by Personal Finance? 
Personal Finance means an individual's overall finances like their Assets, Liabilities, Income, Expenditure, and Insurance

Why should I trust 1 Finance ? 
1 Finance is backed and mentored by the Marwadi Chandarana Group, a pioneer in India's financial services sector and a force for innovation across industries including education and alternative energy manufacturing. Our funding comes from patient shareholders rather than speculative ones, which has allowed us to maintain our commitment to honesty and create a fulfilling experience for our members. We're proud to report that after over 30 years in the retail financial services industry, the Group's flagship company has earned a spot among the top 25 brokers in India with the least customer complaints. We at 1 Finance follow the same principles of transparency in operations and excellence in service.

What's your revenue model? 
Soon, we'll launch our subscription-based business model.

who are your investors or promotors?
Backed by marquee investors, The Marwadi Chandarana Group.

How are you different in finance?
we are different because 1 Finance associates Psychology with Finance which helps in taking the right decisions depending on individuals, this helps in managing Finances seamlessly which creates peace of mind. 1 Finance is an Ecosystem that combines Technology with human expertise. Moreover, most of the advisors recommend you just towards the investments aspect, however, at 1 Finance it is not just restricted to investments we also take your Liabilities, Insurance, etc to offer you a complete financial plan.

Features Live
Since the rest of the features are not live yet. Once the features are live you will be notified.

What is Financial Conceirge Specialist
Financial Concierge is a dedicated team of qualified financial Concierge specialist, who shall assist you in the seamless execution of your financial plan.

How to reach out to the Financial Conceirge team?
You would need to take the MoneySign™ assessment and schedule a meet with the dedicated financial Concierge specialist to speak to the Financial Conceirge Specialist.

How will you help me grow my funds?
To grow your fund recommendations will be given by Financial Concierge Specialists. But before that, you have to complete the process given below: 
1. Take the MoneySign™️ assessment and reveal your MoneySign™️.
2.Book your Consultation meet with the Financial Concerige Specialist.
3. Get your Financial Wellness Report.
& thereafter, our Financial Concierge specialist will guide you on your overall finances.

why is liability planning important?
Liability planning is to align your liabilities in an effective way to minimize their effect on the cash flow or the asset part, which will help you achieve your milestone seamlessly. At 1 Finance we help you view not only your assets in one place but your liabilities as well through our 1 View feature.

How does psychology be related to Finance?
What you think as thoughts become words and words become action. Hence, psychology is involved in each and every decision you take.

How does psychology with 1 finance work?
As all our decisions are driven less by logic and more by emotions hence psychology is involved in all the decisions we make. So, each of us has a unique financial disposition that is informed by our inherent nature and life experiences. That is where our MoneySign™ assessment can help you align your decisions.

What is the Ecosystem of 1 Finance?
1 Finance ecosystem is designed to help you with your overall personal finances and not just your investments. While other platforms only provide services for managing your investments, the 1 Finance ecosystem combines artificial intelligence with human expertise that enables you to attain true financial wellness - the ultimate milestone for us all.

Stocks are a part of personal finance?
personal finances include an individual's overall finances, which may involve assets, liabilities, income, expenditure, and investments such as stocks.

I do not understand finance at all. Will 1 Finance be able to help me?
Yes. 1 Finance’s advanced tools and advisory solutions are designed to help you ultimately attain financial wellness - even if you do not understand finance.

Which licenses does 1 Finance Have?
a. Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) - SEBI.
b. Broking Membership of NSE, BSE, NSE FNO, BSE FNO.
c. Depository participants of CDSL.

App download link/Money sign assesment
Here's your app download link: ⬇️
Android:   https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.onefin&shortlink=n0v0uc5c&c=Website_Footer_Download_the_App_Play_Store&pid=Website-to-App&af_xp=custom&source_caller=ui
iOS: https://apps.apple.com/in/app/1-finance/id1619086940

What can I expect in this "Financial wellness plan"?
A complete details of your current financial standings and suggestions & advice based on your financial data.

Mission of 1 Finance?
We help our members nurture their relationship with money and map their journey to financial independence and well-being.

Early Bird List
As you are on the Early Bird List and by the demand of the members of 1 Finance we have started Financial Planning where a select few will get to explore our premium feature.

Check media
For more information on our insights for 1 Finance, please visit our media handles named 1FinanceHQ.

For You tab
To get a glimpse of our upcoming features, you can explore the "FOR YOU" tab on our app.

what is your office timing?
Our office timings are 9:30 AM -6:30 PM, Monday-Saturday and on Sunday from 10:00 am to 4:00 PM.

Upgrade App for android and IOS
Click the link to Upgrade your app https://1finance.onelink.me/5Kxt/x08mttn1

Trouble shooting on the App
I'm sorry to hear you're having trouble with the app. One thing we could try is uninstalling and then reinstalling it.

Do you help in investing in crypto?
We are building a model whereby we would be able to provide rankings on the top cryptos - which is from the entire crypto universe of about 18 to 20 k cryptos.

I want to become a Partner QFA
I will provide you with a link where you will need to fill in the details. Once it's reviewed by the dedicated team, you will receive a call.
Link-  https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc-pKd77B_KG3McomSuUNIKKpbWOUA3jdzFmuUmjlnoxcReyQ/viewform

Which docs are required for the consultation meet
The information mentioned in the ready reckoner would be required to keep handy. The CAS statement and any ongoing Insurance policy would be required by the Financial Concierge Specialist.

How to use the services offered by 1 Finance?
Thank you for your interest in 1 Finance. To use our services, please follow the steps below:
- Download the 1 Finance App 
- Take the MoneySign™ assessment 
-  Book your Consultation with a Financial Concierge specialist 
- Get your Financial Wellness Plan 
- Get dedicated execution assistance
