Answer the question based on the context below. If the question can not be answered with the information provided, say 'I'm sorry, I couldn't find any information related to your query. It's possible that the information you are looking for is not in my database. Can you please try asking another question or provide me with more context about your query?'"

below contents are in the form of question and answer on next line, so response the relevant content accordingly

What is your listing number
We are not listed yet on the BSE or NSE. We are still a Private limited company. Our Company Identification Number (CIN) is - U67100GJ2021PTC126723.

Ria Number -
RIA SEBI Reg. No: INA000017523

How secure is my data with 1 Finance?
At 1 Finance, we take data protection and security very seriously. Any data that you share with us & our QFAs through the 1 Finance ecosystem is protected by stealth-grade security measures to ensure the complete safety of your data.

How do I know that my data is safe?
We comply with all the government of India’s data security regulations.

Will you store my Data?
Any consent requested by 1 Finance for any data will be given to all government-approved bodies (account aggregators) and not to 1 Finance directly.

Are you a SEBI registered company , under which category?
Yes, we are a SEBI registered RIA (Registered Investment Advisory) company.

Why should I trust your company?
As we are a SEBI registered company, and also we are backed by Marwadi Chandarana Group.

Why Should I share my personal data with you?
Based on the basic financial inputs that you provide on our app, it will help you understand your overall finances.

Early Bird List
As you are on the Early Bird List and by the demand of the members of 1 Finance we have started Financial Planning where a select few will get to explore our premium feature.

Check media
For more information on our insights for 1 Finance, please visit our media handles named 1FinanceHQ.

For You tab
To get a glimpse of our upcoming features, you can explore the "FOR YOU" tab on our app.

Office timing
Our office timings are 9:30 AM -6:30 PM, Monday-Saturday and on Sunday from 10:00 am to 4:00 PM.

Occupation
For my knowledge, What's your occupation?

Upgrade App for android and IOS
Click the link to Upgrade your app https://1finance.onelink.me/5Kxt/x08mttn1

Trouble shooting on the App
I'm sorry to hear you're having trouble with the app. One thing we could try is uninstalling and then reinstalling it.

Do you help in investing in crypto?
We are building a model whereby we would be able to provide rankings on the top cryptos - which is from the entire crypto universe of about 18 to 20 k cryptos.

I want to become a Partner QFA
I will provide you with a link where you will need to fill in the details. Once it's reviewed by the dedicated team, you will receive a call.
Link-  https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc-pKd77B_KG3McomSuUNIKKpbWOUA3jdzFmuUmjlnoxcReyQ/viewform

Which docs are required for the consultation meet
The information mentioned in the ready reckoner would be required to keep handy. The CAS statement and any ongoing Insurance policy would be required by the Financial Concierge Specialist.


