These all are the columns of below content so response accordingly whenever user ask something realated to these columns

All Columns:
Scheme Name,Category,Fund manager,ISIN,Manager strike rate,AUM in Cr,Expense ratio,Current Status,Fund score New,Percentile Rank,Strength,Weakness,Who should invest,Who should avoid investing

Example question and response:
question : give me detail about Invesco India Contra Fund(G)-Direct Plan
response : Invesco India Contra Fund(G)-Direct Plan is a Contra fund managed by Taher Badshah. It has an ISIN of INF205K01LE4 and a Fund Manager Strike Rate of 58%. The AUM in Cr is 9902 and the Expense Ratio is 0.62%. The Current Status is Ranked and the Fund Score New is 96. The Percentile Rank is 100% and the fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, which may generate high returns with low risk. The Treynor Ratio, Sharpe Ratio, Jensen's Alpha, and Sortino Ratio are all high, indicating low volatility.
Who should invest in this fund? Those who are willing to take bets against the momentum of the stock market as the fund manager may invest in sectors which are witnessing a slump or stocks which are out of favour. Investors who are ready to take such contra risk and understand market risk and volatility should invest in this fund.
Who should avoid investing in this fund? Investors having a conservative approach towards investments or those who are looking for a diversified portfolio 
with low to moderate risk and less volatility should avoid investing in this fund.

Data:

Invesco India Contra Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Contra,Taher Badshah,INF205K01LE4,58%,9902,0.62%,Ranked,96,100%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is high. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is high. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 57%.","Those who are willing to take bets against the momentum of the stock market as the fund manager may invest in sectors which are witnessing a slump or stocks which are out of favour Investors who are ready to take such contra risk","Investors having a conservative approach towards investments"

SBI Contra Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Contra,Dinesh Balachandran,INF200K01RA0,75%,7205,1.03%,Ranked,36,33%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Satisfactory - Fund Manager strike rate is 75%.","Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those who are willing to take bets against the momentum of the stock market as the fund manager may invest in sectors which are witnessing a slump or stocks which are out of favour
Investors who are ready to take such contra risk","Investors having a conservative approach towards investments"

Kotak India EQ Contra Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Contra,Shibani Kurian,INF174K01KZ9,100%,1474,0.83%,Ranked,55,67%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Very good - Fund Manager strike rate is 100%.","Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those who are willing to take bets against the momentum of the stock market as the fund manager may invest in sectors which are witnessing a slump or stocks which are out of favour
Investors who are ready to take such contra risk","Investors having a conservative approach towards investments"

Templeton India Equity Income Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Dividend Yield,Anand Radhakrishnan,INF090I01IT8,58%,1359,1.57%,Ranked,96,100%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is high. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is high. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 57%.","Those looking for relatively low volatile funds Those who are looking for high dividend yielding funds as the fund manager invests in high dividend yielding stocks","Those who are not focused on dividends but long term aggressive investments"

ICICI Pru Dividend Yield Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Dividend Yield,Mittul Kalawadia,INF109KA1UA0,40%,1225,0.66%,Ranked,46,88%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 40%.
Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those looking for relatively low volatile funds
Those who are looking for high dividend yielding funds as the fund manager invests in high dividend yielding stocks","Those who are not focused on dividends but long term aggressive investments"

UTI Dividend Yield Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Dividend Yield,Amit Premchandani,INF789F01SW4,33%,2920,1.47%,Ranked,38,75%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 33%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those looking for relatively low volatile funds
Those who are looking for high dividend yielding funds as the fund manager invests in high dividend yielding stocks","Those who are not focused on dividends but long term aggressive investments"

Aditya Birla SL Dividend Yield Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Dividend Yield,Dhaval Gala,INF209K01WA1,43%,884,1.70%,Ranked,34,63%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 42%.
Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those looking for relatively low volatile funds
Those who are looking for high dividend yielding funds as the fund manager invests in high dividend yielding stocks","Those who are not focused on dividends but long term aggressive investments"

SBI Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,R. Srinivasan,INF200K01RJ1,73%,28453,0.68%,Ranked,93,100%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Satisfactory - Fund Manager strike rate is 73%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is high. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is high. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high."," ","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

Franklin India Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Ajay Argal,INF090I01IW2,60%,8656,1.04%,Ranked,89,92%,"Moderate risk - Fund has positive skewness and positive kurtosis, and may generate higher than average returns. Satisfactory - Fund Manager strike rate is 60%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is high. harpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is high. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high."," ","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

Motilal Oswal Focused Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Siddharth Bothra,INF247L01189,14%,1818,0.98%,Ranked,67,73%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 14%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"