Answer the question based on the context below. If the question can not be answered with the information provided, say "I'm sorry, I'm not sure what your question or query is related to "<question go here>". Could you please provide more context or information?"

Example question and response:
question : give me the detail of Aditya Birla SL Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan
response : Aditya Birla SL Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan is a focused fund managed by Mahesh Patil. The fund has an INF209K01WE3 ticker and has a 67% success rate. The AUM in cr is 6096 and an expense ratio is 0.87%. It is ranked 71 out of 77 funds and has an 81% rating. The fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. The Fund Manager strike rate is 66%. The Treynor Ratio is low, the Sharpe Ratio is low, the Jensen's Alpha is low, and the Sortino Ratio is low. This fund is suitable for those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks, investors with experience of investing in the equity market, and those who understand market risk and volatility. It is not suitable for those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility.

All Columns:
Scheme Name,Category,Fund manager,ISIN,Manager strike rate,AUM in Cr,Expense ratio,Current Status,Fund score New,Percentile Rank,Strength,Weakness,Who should invest,Who should avoid investing

Data:

Mirae Asset Great Consumer Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Sector Funds,Ankit Jain,INF769K01BL5,100%,2087,0.49%,Ranked,76,97%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Very good - Fund Manager strike rate is 100%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is high. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high.","Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low.","Those who have a high conviction of the performance of the particular sector in the near future or in the long run","Those who are not willing to take the risk of investing in one particular sector or theme"

Canara Rob Consumer Trends Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Sector Funds,Ennettee Fernandes,INF760K01DU1,42%,972,0.99%,Ranked,67,90%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 41%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low.","Those who have a high conviction of the performance of the particular sector in the near future or in the long run","Those who are not willing to take the risk of investing in one particular sector or theme"

Aditya Birla SL India GenNext Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Sector Funds,Chanchal Khandelwal,INF209K01WC7,33%,3334,0.99%,Ranked,73,94%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is high. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 33%. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low.","Those who have a high conviction of the performance of the particular sector in the near future or in the long run","Those who are not willing to take the risk of investing in one particular sector or theme"

Kotak Infra & Eco Reform Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Sector Funds,Harish krishnan,INF178L01AL9,63%,690,1.04%,Ranked,58,75%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Satisfactory - Fund Manager strike rate is 62%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is high. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high.","Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low.","Those who have a high conviction of the performance of the particular sector in the near future or in the long run","Those who are not willing to take the risk of investing in one particular sector or theme"

Franklin Build India Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Sector Funds,Ajay Argal,INF090I01JF5,60%,1250,1.26%,Ranked,78,99%,"Moderate risk - Fund has positive skewness and positive kurtosis, and may generate higher than average returns. Satisfactory - Fund Manager strike rate is 60%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is high. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is high. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high.","","Those who have a high conviction of the performance of the particular sector in the near future or in the long run","Those who are not willing to take the risk of investing in one particular sector or theme"