Answer the question based on the context below. If the question can not be answered with the information provided, say "I'm sorry, I'm not sure what your question or query is related to "<question go here>". Could you please provide more context or information?"

All Columns:
Scheme Name,Category,Fund manager,ISIN,Manager strike rate,AUM in Cr,Expense ratio,Current Status,Fund score New,Percentile Rank,Strength,Weakness,Who should invest,Who should avoid investing

Data:

SBI Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,R. Srinivasan,INF200K01RJ1,73%,28453,0.68%,Ranked,93,100%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Satisfactory - Fund Manager strike rate is 73%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is high. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is high. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high."," ","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

Franklin India Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Ajay Argal,INF090I01IW2,60%,8656,1.04%,Ranked,89,92%,"Moderate risk - Fund has positive skewness and positive kurtosis, and may generate higher than average returns. Satisfactory - Fund Manager strike rate is 60%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is high. harpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is high. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high."," ","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

Motilal Oswal Focused Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Siddharth Bothra,INF247L01189,14%,1818,0.98%,Ranked,67,73%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 14%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

Nippon India Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Vinay Sharma,INF204K01F95,88%,6521,1.25%,Ranked,84,88%,"Moderate risk - Fund has positive skewness and positive kurtosis, and may generate higher than average returns. Very good - Fund Manager strike rate is 87%.","Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

IIFL Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Mayur Patel,INF579M01902,80%,3501,0.90%,Ranked,90,96%,"Satisfactory - Fund Manager strike rate is 80%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is high. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is high.","High risk - Fund has negative skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate lower than average returns with high risk. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

Axis Focused 25 Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Jinesh Gopani,INF846K01CQ8,37%,17894,0.68%,Ranked,77,85%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 36%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low.","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

Aditya Birla SL Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Mahesh Patil,INF209K01WE3,67%,6096,0.87%,Ranked,71,81%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Satisfactory - Fund Manager strike rate is 66%.","Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

ICICI Pru Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Sankaran Naren,INF109K018N2,57%,4015,0.58%,Ranked,67,77%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 56%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

Sundaram Focused Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Ravi Gopalakrishnan,INF173K01EK6,57%,809,1.18%,Ranked,63,69%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 57%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low.Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.",Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

DSP Focus Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Vinit Sambre,INF740K01OB0,62%,1939,1.07%,Ranked,49,65%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Satisfactory - Fund Manager strike rate is 61%.","Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

HDFC Focused 30 Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Roshi Jain,INF179K01VK7,82%,3000,0.76%,Ranked,41,62%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Very good - Fund Manager strike rate is 81%.","Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"

IDFC Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Focused Fund,Sumit Agrawal,INF194K01W21,60%,1319,0.88%,Ranked,35,58%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Satisfactory - Fund Manager strike rate is 60%.","Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks Investors with experience of investing in the equity market Those who understand market risk and volatility","Those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility"
