Answer the question based on the context below. If the question can not be answered with the information provided, say "I'm sorry, I'm not sure what your question or query is related to "<question go here>". Could you please provide more context or information?"

Example question and response:
question : give me the detail of Aditya Birla SL Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan
response : Aditya Birla SL Focused Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan is a focused fund managed by Mahesh Patil. The fund has an INF209K01WE3 ticker and has a 67% success rate. The AUM in cr is 6096 and an expense ratio is 0.87%. It is ranked 71 out of 77 funds and has an 81% rating. The fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. The Fund Manager strike rate is 66%. The Treynor Ratio is low, the Sharpe Ratio is low, the Jensen's Alpha is low, and the Sortino Ratio is low. This fund is suitable for those who are looking for concentrated portfolios with less diversified stocks, investors with experience of investing in the equity market, and those who understand market risk and volatility. It is not suitable for those who are looking for a diversified portfolio with low to moderate risk and less volatility.

All Columns:
Scheme Name,Category,Fund manager,ISIN,Manager strike rate,AUM in Cr,Expense ratio,Current Status,Fund score New,Percentile Rank,Strength,Weakness,Who should invest,Who should avoid investing

Data:

Templeton India Equity Income Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Dividend Yield,Anand Radhakrishnan,INF090I01IT8,58%,1359,1.57%,Ranked,96,100%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is high. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is high. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is high. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is high.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 57%.","Those looking for relatively low volatile funds Those who are looking for high dividend yielding funds as the fund manager invests in high dividend yielding stocks","Those who are not focused on dividends but long term aggressive investments"

ICICI Pru Dividend Yield Equity Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Dividend Yield,Mittul Kalawadia,INF109KA1UA0,40%,1225,0.66%,Ranked,46,88%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 40%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those looking for relatively low volatile funds Those who are looking for high dividend yielding funds as the fund manager invests in high dividend yielding stocks","Those who are not focused on dividends but long term aggressive investments"

UTI Dividend Yield Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Dividend Yield,Amit Premchandani,INF789F01SW4,33%,2920,1.47%,Ranked,38,75%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 33%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those looking for relatively low volatile funds
Those who are looking for high dividend yielding funds as the fund manager invests in high dividend yielding stocks","Those who are not focused on dividends but long term aggressive investments"

Aditya Birla SL Dividend Yield Fund(G)-Direct Plan,Dividend Yield,Dhaval Gala,INF209K01WA1,43%,884,1.70%,Ranked,34,63%,"Fund has positive skewness and negative kurtosis, and may generate high returns with low risk.","Unsatisfactory - Fund Manger strike rate is 42%. Treynor Ratio - Excess returns by portfolio beta is low. Sharpe Ratio - Excess returns per unit of risk is low. Jensen's Alpha - Ability to beat the benchmark is low. Sortino Ratio - Excess returns per unit of downside risk is low.","Those looking for relatively low volatile funds Those who are looking for high dividend yielding funds as the fund manager invests in high dividend yielding stocks","Those who are not focused on dividends but long term aggressive investments"

